all right today we're making webOS hot
dogs especially Italian hot dogs and
they are ready to eat when they look
almost like in this book of Weber's
photos recipes
to grow so I have a lot of these web our
recipe books this is a special book
don't know if this is available in the
States for hot dogs so there are several
hot dog recipes in there and a lot of
other recipes that deal with sausage
more or less in combination with other
ingredients but it don't have to be
don't has to be hot dog so as I showed
you in the winter grilling book it's fun
just to make one of these recipes today
together I decided to make the Italian
Sal's each a dog just to make it easy I
call these Italian hot dogs
this is what it needs and put the amount
of each ingredient into the description
box as always so we start with an onion
cut into half and then cut into slices
same with the red bell pepper
I prepared more or less for six to eight
hotdogs the original amount in this
recipe is made for four hot dogs you are
ready with cutting put everything into a
bowl and add some extra virgin olive oil
and some salt and pepper and give it a
good mix
next step is smashing some garlic you
can use your hand or a knife if you want
you could cut them into smaller pieces
as well I did but I won't show you so
this is provolone e cheese provolone e
is perfect for Italian hot dogs make
sure the parts of the provolone e are as
long as yours are Zija so these are our
Zita italian sausage it's made with
fresh fennel really great taste cut them
into half make sure not to cut them too
much so they fall apart now take your
garlic some balsamic vinegar some olive
oil salt and pepper I tell you later
what to do with the marinade I've
prepared my Weber master touch 2015
edition 57 centimeters the special
edition with the heavy duty great
prepared them for direct heat for the
sausages in for directly the spell for
my cast-iron pan just to cook the pepper
the red bell pepper and the onions after
some minutes give them a flip
and after approximately another five
minutes put them to indirect heat that's
easy and at the provolone eat cheese now
close the lid and let it melt
now take your roll and prepare the roll
for grilling as well take your marinade
and baste each side with the marinade
and once your sausage and the a flour
mixture with onion is ready put this
again into a clean Bowl as well and
roast your roll this is how I hide how I
do it maybe there are several things
that help as well and once they're
roasted for about three to four minutes
we're ready to build our dogs oh sorry I
forgot the parsley
now take your roll your sides each jar
with the provolone each cheese and add
some of that great taste the mixture of
red pepper bell bell pepper and onions
now we're ready to eat
one more time
and I think we did a quite good job on
these dogs because they look more or
less the same than in the book so would
be great if you leave me a comment
thumbs up or subscribe to my channel if
you haven't subscribed yet you're seeing
us again next week the thursday 1800
century you'll be in time thanks for
watching I'm out see you